hi this is dr. Sean on YouTube recently
we talked about the dangers of pet food
why there are so many bad pet foods on
the market if you haven't seen that
video should be sure to check me out
here on YouTube anyway i recently had
one of my listeners of my radio show
email me a question and say dr. Sean why
do you think there are so many people in
the media that don't want the truth
about pet food to come out mainly that
most of the pet foods on the market are
full of junk and potentially toxic and
harmful byproducts well I think the
answer is very simple it all has to go
with follow the money if you are a pet
food manufacturer a bootleg food
manufacturer you're spending a lot of
money on your pet foods you're spending
a ton of money in advertising and if
you're one of the big media NBC ABC CBS
big newspaper or magazine you're getting
millions of dollars a year and
advertising from these pet food
manufacturers well obviously you're not
going to do something to jeopardize that
multi-million dollar advertising budget
if you go back to the pet food companies
and say we're going to do an expose on
the stuff that's really in your pet food
and the things that are really in your
pet pet food which are harming pets
you're probably going to lose your
advertising budget so i think is my
listener thought about it she came to
the same conclusion and hey this really
is all about money now of course the
many things you can do to help feed your
pet foods i'm on admission my mission is
i want your pets to stay as healthy as
possible and get the healthiest
ingredients in their food get quality
supplements not get vaccines every years
to even though since we know that pets
don't need that so i'm on a mission to
do what's best for your pests if you
want to learn more about how to keep
your pet safe and healthy and which pet
foods are actually best for your past
three ways to do it number one of course
go to my website 24 hours a day its head
care naturally calm number to listen to
my award-winning radio show it's called
dr. strong the natural that on Martha
Stewart Living radio on sirius satellite
channel 112 it airs live seven to nine
Central Time pm seven nine central
p.m. every tuesday night i'll be glad to
take your questions as well and of
course number three get my award-winning
book which is on my website it's called
a natural health bible for dogs and cats
in that book i teach you how to read a
pet food label so you can pick the best
safest food for your pet and also in the
natural health bible for dogs and cats
there are a lot of recipes if you choose
to make your pet food yourself so a lot
of things you can do the big media won't
tell you the truth about what's in pet
food I'm not in the pet food industry
nobody's paying me money to say
something good or bad I'm just telling
you the facts there's a lot of junk in
pet food you can do better your pet is
what it eats and you can pick the best
pet food joining me again another time
on YouTube this is dr. Sean the natural
that have a great day